hello youtube like that and we keep going
with the kindle fire this time turn on something
for the first time one after me
found out that this is up here
The designs are where I am completely honest
you have to say this barely unlock
as always and the establishment German
you are welcome
further we welcome you
lure us as usual into a wireless
and continue now so my Amazon account
enter once
if I could now where apparently
but not time zone now already cordial
You always connected to the internet
so could independently identified and
I said that's me and goes on
linked to social networks
I do not have to have it right now
I finally want to get started first
steps with her kindle fire hd that
Carousel handheld recently used
books videos music apps and more
Hokage shopping games
quick access to libraries and
it press various contents ok
then remove favorites terrors ok
below the star for the favorites
pulling up the same down to the
with the finger down to the wlan
brightness and other settings too
manage ok cloud and device in
compare clearly what I have on it and
what i saved in the cloud
down at the home button and that was it
even with the introduction so
welcome
yes, I have set up e-mail now
we do not even do I keep the times
short time again from where I look
then land and what we see here too
I was one of the pre-orderers
there were only unit prices there could
not yet between the version with
advertising and choose here but the
advertising
So for an additional charge of 15 euros or
so then you can do that thing too
get ad free I say that's it
latte when I will says it to me no
advertising when I see it then
turns on then she always changes the
advertising by then of course I have
two possibilities that interest me
advertising cough cough and reach
I want this advertising site
Not or
I pass the advertising at the bottom and
you want the new lock and zack
I'll go back to where I am
I'm still home-button now
press and I'm mine again
main page yes so I have to be honest
say this advertising accustom bothers me
not really there now
anyway no one on it we just do it
of course, I have favorites , of course
none yet saved so here
can now lay down my favorite apps
I'll probably go shopping well
quite normal in the amazons mainhop
books and and and and and see if
you already have the amazon lending library
Newness will be rediscovered and displayed
probably about 100 free books
is the then with English books and
more well the books are all doing well
go back one thing the farmer has
really the caps look to us
that is always so own app
store for the android apps clearly many
ask in comparison with the google
place tor and and and and and no
everything is still stressing
runs relatively fluid now so here at
at the first impression then music there
he should be fine with me now
that's the shop now, of course, I'm rummaging
here really only the shop I should
go back again album no
information to album no matter how the
out again and we'll see you
the apps exactly the ones I have in the cloud
I've already got ready and apps
on the device are
to amazon shopping videos office this
standard office and and and and the sig
browser of their time already a
disappointment was that was this Amazon
technology that loads you the pages
before he ever went there and it
does not notice we are watching music
there should be at least one album
be inside
he has terms of use blind
accepted and I have there lately
where I already have several things
Amazon bought it in the cloud
no music found that is now
strange
especially here actually an album in it
should be the last for 49 cents
So, this device will be available
also yes one should read also where I
believe that just was not displayed and
was stolen cloud songs
that wonders me but no matter there you can
yes, I can talk about it later
look at and and and and and so on
still offers videos is there
Of course, nothing is clear
Links for this then the videos
to see that, I will also everything
do and and and and and me
now wonder is offers achso
where the ads are first
has already been shown here
but very nice documents in the cloud
and Amazon advertising for the Amazon
cloud drive
yes ok photos there should be slow
also the possibility come
I have the camera but that should
can somehow use or else
i have not seen any app on the
then the photos one
Possibility to take pictures still exists
Not
what you have here anyway
just look it is very very very very
very much connected to Amazon
a synchronization hettstedt is it
is not something completely different than now
now a pure say snacks 7
gets war here, of course, a fat
connections amazon whether that is now
shows if what you then all out
get out and like this
linkage is running I'll be in
I have to watch more videos now
Also, my peace is with the things
deal with me here on everyone
case is very surprised I have one here
camera and can not even here
take pictures of myself
which is a shame as missing again
the easiest one recommends her that okay
for the first impression and for the
Facility makes it good and up to
next video